---
layout: default
head:
  title: Alpine
description: An open source blog theme powered by Nuxt.
title: About
---

::hero
---
image: /alpine-0.webp
---
#title
Hi, I am Anthony.

#description
- Title: "From Design Dabbler to Code Conqueror: The Adventures of Anthony"
- Summary: 🎨 Graduated in Visual Communication Design, but ended up in Marketing because I just couldn't resist measuring the impact of my digital doodles. After a decade of marketing mischief, I decided to chase my dream of becoming a CTO – but alas, no one wanted to hire me! So, I did what any self-respecting dreamer would do: I hired myself! Now, I'm the CTO of my own little empire, cooking up some spicy SAAS technology.
- Skillset: 💻 Started off as a no-code enthusiast, but quickly hit the ceiling – turns out, there's only so much you can do with drag-and-drop! So, I rolled up my sleeves and dove headfirst into the coding abyss. Now, I'm like a digital wizard, conjuring up solutions faster than you can say "Hello, World!" Need someone to turn your digital dreams into reality? Look no further, I've got just the code for that!
::

Hi, I'm Anthony, a passionate entrepreneur and marketer with over five years of experience in creating and leading innovative tech companies. I'm the founder and CTO of Nocode Magician, a company that specializes in developing customizable CRM solutions that leverage cutting-edge nocode technologies.

I'm also the Co-founder and CEO of Pipeline, a company that helps businesses with inbound and outbound marketing strategies to attract and convert high-quality leads.

And I'm the co-founder of Solopreneurs AI, a company that helps B2B businesses find high-ticket clients faster with its suite of tools and services.

::gallery
---
images:
  - /alpine-0.webp
  - /alpine-1.webp
  - /alpine-2.webp
---
::
